Read man ls and write an ls command that lists files in the following manner

Includes all files, including hidden files: -a
Sizes are listed in human readable format (e.g. 454M instead of 454279954) -h
Files are ordered by recency -t
Output is colorized --color=auto (Linux)/-G (macOS X)
A sample output would look like this

-rw-r--r--   1 user group 1.1M Jan 14 09:53 baz
drwxr-xr-x   5 user group  160 Jan 14 09:53 .
-rw-r--r--   1 user group  514 Jan 14 06:42 bar
-rw-r--r--   1 user group 106M Jan 13 12:12 foo
drwx------+ 47 user group 1.5K Jan 12 18:08 ..


ls -lath --color=auto



Say you have a command that fails rarely. In order to debug it you need to capture its output but it can be time consuming to get a failure run. Write a bash script that runs the following script until it fails and captures its standard output and error streams to files and prints everything at the end. Bonus points if you can also report how many runs it took for the script to fail.


In folder


Say you have a command that fails rarely. In order to debug it you need to capture its output but it can be time consuming to get a failure run. Write a bash script that runs the following script until it fails and captures its standard output and error streams to files and prints everything at the end. Bonus points if you can also report how many runs it took for the script to fail.

in folder as "prob3.sh"


4)  As we covered in the lecture find’s -exec can be very powerful for performing operations over the files we are searching for. However, what if we want to do something with all the files, like creating a zip file? As you have seen so far commands will take input from both arguments and STDIN. When piping commands, we are connecting STDOUT to STDIN, but some commands like tar take inputs from arguments. To bridge this disconnect there’s the xargs command which will execute a command using STDIN as arguments. For example ls | xargs rm will delete the files in the current directory.

find . -type f -name '*.html' | xargs tar -cvf archive.tar



